Added support for `architectures` parameter in @EnabledOnOs and @DisabledOnOs (#2894)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/release-notes/release-notes-5.9.0-M2.adoc

==== New Features and Improvements

* New public factory method to instantiate an `ExecutionRequest`.

> * Added support for `architectures` parameter in @EnabledOnOs and @DisabledOnOs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for hardware architecture in `@EnabledOnOs` and `@DisabledOnOs` via new `architectures` attributes
```
